When it comes to picking the right career field there are two important
things listen to this is the most important they'll say to you all
day two important things first know whom you are know who you are what
do you love to do, say well I love to play video games nobody's
going to pay me to do that, what does it mean? I love to work with computers.
I love competitiveness. I love trying to achieve things. I
love working inside. You know there break down what it is you really
love to do. Every day I do it every day, I love it everyday I never
get tired of it I can't go to sleep at night because I enjoy I love
writing English. I love writing code. I love doing mathematics. Omar
Bradley general Omar Bradley in World War Two when the war was about
to overcome him swamp him was pressure he would do calculus to relax
there's a guy who's loved calculus so figure out where it is you
like to do and figure out the broad area what you like to do I like
to be with people I like to talk I like to be alone I'd like to work
with numbers you know get that then figure out what field does that
what field us at every day not what they show on the movies not what
they show in the movies the movies and TV have a caricature of real
professions are like, quick example if I say lawyer to you ninety
percent of you will think of a guy standing in front of the jury saying,
"My friends, my clients are innocent" lawyers spent less than
one percent of their time arguing to a jury there was the time they're
in offices interviewing people interviewing witnesses or writing
documents or doing research in books you know that's a completely different
life than what they show on TV so get a hold somebody who does
this for a living and ask them what do you do during the week every
day you go to work what is your day like and if that's something
you enjoy doing then that's the right career feel for you.